Mr. Gu
Hello, hello.
Who are you?
Lucy accompanies me to Gemdale
Work matters
Since the lawyer hasn't arrived yet
Then I can only let him dove first.
Called Lucy, I almost thought he was Yunyao
Why hasn't Hui Yunyao come yet?
Mr. Gu
Do we have any cooperation with Jin Di? Come and inspect
Jin Di is currently
The country's leading high-end shopping center
It has achieved such results in two years of operation
It is said that thanks to the people behind him
Said it was for the international boss
You come to inspect
Could it be that
You are the mysterious international boss
There is a problem, no problem, absolutely no problem
Our boss is smart and capable.
Resourceful
I can't even study.
How come?
Don't let go?
Oh, dear.
Don't move